# SAS_to_Python_USTraffic

## I. INTRODUCTION 

Accidents on the road have grown more frequent in recent years. Every year, around 1.25 million people are killed in motor vehicle accidents, which works out to an average of 3,287 deaths each day. In addition, every year between 20 and 50 million individuals are injured or permanently disabled. Accidents involving motor vehicles are the ninth most common cause of death worldwide and are responsible for 2.2% of all fatalities. Globally, the costs of traffic collisions are USD 518 billion, which amounts to between 1% and 2% of the GDP of nations.[1] Every year, traffic accidents are responsible for the deaths of about 37,000 individuals in the United States, and they leave another 2.35 million people wounded or disabled. Accidents on America's roads cost the country an annual average of $820 per person, or 230.6 billion dollars total. Accidents involving motor vehicles are the single most common way for otherwise healthy United States residents to lose their lives when traveling in other countries. Even though, Road safety analysis has made tremendous progress over the years, particularly in the development of approaches for modelling the link between injury severity and risk variables, acquiring information about the mechanism of accident occurrence, and designing safety regulations and countermeasures. This understanding of the causes of road traffic deaths and injuries has remained a focus, and road safety analysis has made great progress. Over the course of the last few decades,
research has been conducted in an attempt to gain a better understanding of the fundamental connection that exists between the frequency of collisions and the various risk factors, including but not limited to road geometry, vehicle type, collision type, seasonal effect, traffic regulation, time of day, driver characteristics, and environmental conditions. Estimating the severity of injuries sustained in car accidents has been done with the use of a variety of statistical methods. In the past, statistical approaches have been the most common approach to both the study and prediction of injury severity.
US-Accidents has a wide range of applications, including the prediction of real-time car accidents, the investigation of accident hotspots, the analysis of casualty data and the extraction of cause-and-effect rules that can be used to predict car accidents, and the research into the influence that precipitation and other environmental factors have on the occurrence of accidents. This page contains the dataset that was taken from Kaggle.  It is a database of all traffic accidents that occurred in the United States, including all 50 states. Beginning in February 2016 and continuing through June 2020, a number of different data sources, are being used to continuously collect the information. At the moment, this collection contains the details of around 3.5 million different accidents. The information is supplied in the form of a comma-separated values (CSV) file. The main goal is to determine and study the variables that have the greatest impact on the severity of accidents and offer the prediction model with the highest level of accuracy.
